How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    saved time

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    allows you to review differences and whether changes were made at the optimal moment

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    you can control the points that are noteworthy

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    a programme is not just one file all are inter related

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    ?

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    more confident because you can retrace your steps

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    all coding work

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	reuse pieces of programmes, reviewing earlier ways of doing things

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	pro would be the control you have to keep logical changes grouped
	con would be you have to remember to commit

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	because changes can have repercussions across multiple files in coding for instance whilst the main use of
	a file like google docs is not necessarily connected to other files

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	because you can go back to earlier versions